We stayed again for a night while crossing Bangalore. There is no place like Taj. And breakfast spread is humongous, delicious. Neat, class hotel.
Metro is right outside the gate, so easy to commute. Food is not that great. But hospitality n staffs are superb
It was pleasant graceful and the staff was extremely courteous. It was the best hospitality provided till date by any hotel.
Expected varieties in menu, seems items were repeated
It was average since I expected much more facilities
We had a v pleasant stay at Taj Yeshwantpur. Staff is very friendly. Food is very delicious and healthy. Swimming pool is well maintained and size of swimming pool is also good.
Perfect stay for a couple of days. Location a bit far from main City but it's a treasure to surely discover couples.
Good, spacious, clean and staff friendly.
The interior was amazing and clean. Service was too good. Loved it
Great taste. Great location and easy people.
I had a wonderful time at Taj Yeshwantpur. Pooja is very kind and helpful. Overall a great experience.
Kind and friendly staff. The in room dining wasn't that great, could've been better. But the restaurants were great. Stayed there for 3 days, we enjoyed it.
Very nice hotel and good management. Over all very good experience staying here
I was traveling alone with kids from USA and I was very nervous. Taj exceeded our expectations in all areas. Will definitely stay at Taj during our visit to India. Thank you Taj for your your hospitality
Excellent stay. Room was very clean and well maintained. But food is very very costly. Cannot eat. So far from main market and business areas. I advise to hotel management to adjust and decrease food prices.
Good location, and property and nice helpful staff. Very good food 
Good location, neat and clean, tasty food but timing of buffet breakfast or dinner is not perfect it should be relaxed by half an hour, gym is not properly equipped lot more to improve there.
Excellent food and good service
The facilities there was good. Their services were excellent. But there were nobody to guide us how to do certain things in that hotel as we were first to Taj.
Amazing hotel, courteous staff, nice rooms. Had a pleasant stay!