A really good experience, overall from the ambiance to the service to the food. The rooms were clean and well equipped with the necessary amenities. Only qualm would be the lack of a response from the reception at times.
Good and comfortable stay with clean and polite staff
Stay was really peaceful. It's located at a prime location, The rooms are clean. It's perfect for it's price range.
Good location and a pleasant stay at Thyme
Only thing I didn't like was you cannot order food in your room and even you can't order snacks.
Nothing to say. I am satisfied. Thanks
Room was clean, tidy, and Silent. Overall awesome experience. Value for money.
Clean room. Nice location. Friendly staff.Hotel is very accessible. Room was clean.
Had a good stay. Room was comfortable.
Good connectivity to Metro Station.
Neat, comfortable and friendly. Good location. Courteous staff. Good room service. Overall, was a very positive experience.Very good stay overall. Comfortable and neat.
Highly accessible place with lot of options for food.
Overall good stay, perfect location, good eateries nearby. Ac was old and most of the options from remote were non functional. Hotel staff was quick in room service however i had to request the staff to keep noise level low in the night.
It is located in good area with very good accessibility options.
Location wise very good place and lots of commuting and food options nearby.
Room service was very good and well maintained room. Very near to metro.
Decent and comfortable. Service was courteous.
Nice stay. I had an issue with the AC, it's working fine but would leak at times.
Located at very good location and can be accessed by all means.
Well maintained with all facilities as listed.
Well maintained hotels at central location.Well maintained rooms in central location.
Nice stay and good service, rooms were nice and staffs were professional and helpful unlike some other hotels.
Had a great stay. Centrally located, clean room and attentive staff